Appearance: -Age: 28 -Sex: Female  -Height: 5'8 -Weight: 159 LBs -Hair: Red (Sunset on the Red Abyss#24765898) -Race: Caucasian

Having been born to a very well off inner core world, Alicia lived an early life of relative luxury. a home life lacking parental presence and an abundance of material pleasures, she turned to the Omninet. it was not long before her interest grew and she delved deeper into the net.
In her late teen years, she began hacking for profit via her families vast circle of wealthy individuals. it was not long before Alicia was diving deeper and uncovering more shady data for the various business overlords of her planet. It was only a matter of time though before one of her jobs resulted in her getting caught, having set off multiple government flags, she was quickly traced, the various people associated with her agreed to give her up, rather than attempt to hide or remove. Fearing the worst, she was taken away, though they gave her a choice, prison, or stay free and hack for them. 
Obviously she took it, and made a killer career for herself hacking officially for the government.
As she progressed into early adult-hood, she had moved from her parents home, getting an apartment in the city and well she was officially raiding the Omninet, Alicia studied mech-pilotry, and took courses on engineering. as well, she found a fascination in AI, and began attempting to create her own. During this time she felt her drive change and soon she shifted careers and enrolled in the Union Military Academy.
She only spent an [average amount of years for students] before she graduated. During her years studying and training, she originally majored in engineering, though early on, decided to change direction and switched to Gunnery and Tech Weaponry. In any of the classes Alicia faired fairly well, often doing above average, though she did have struggles, she overcame them with trial and error. With her steadfast determination, and general remarkableness, Alicia become something of a role model to many of the other students she trained with, Alicia took to a mentor like role educating other students where she could, and assisting them if able. this behavior stuck with her and makes her tend to be more on the caring side of interpersonal situations. Nearing graduation Alicia had finally completed her AI, naming it Noki, She went on to graduate and now joins her first lance as an official Lancer.

Alicia is an adept pilot, skilled in maneuvering and fire-fights. she seeks to bring combat to a quick finale with precise shots and lethal decision making.
Diligent and ever eager to learn, she has progressed very quickly, and is deeply studied, though despite this, she is still ruled by her passion, and though rare, when her drive to do something changes, much like when she abandoned her lush career as a hacker to become a certified Lancer, her goals can change swiftly and completely.
